what's up people so this is how you make
a paper shirt I'm going to show you how
to make it so first you got to fold it
in half
hot dog away otherwise a hamburger way
and then fold that way well like a
quarter up the half half of the half
yeah then you do the same on the other
side like that and then this is kind of
hard so you see this flap so you gotta
put it next to the corner right here
right there then fold it over like that
and then you do the same on the other
side
and then you fold the whole thing all
the way over and if it won't fold like
if it won't fold because like there's
that spot that just won't fold then you
just got to squeeze it down okay so like
that and then fold that over so kind of
like the sleeves you fold it over again
so it's good and then it's kind of like
a paper airplane this part you fold it
over like a paper airplane then since it
looks like a head right here triangular
head you can fold it down like that but
it shows that little spot so what I like
to do I like to just fold it down on the
back do that so here's four sleeves
here's the collar and paper shirt just
and open up so that's how you make a
paper shirt